NServiceBus and CloudEvents landing page (#6834)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/cloudevents.md

---
title: NServiceBus and CloudEvents
summary: How to use NServiceBus with CloudEvents
reviewed: 2024-09-16
---

[CloudEvents](https://cloudevents.io) is a [specification](https://github.com/cloudevents/spec/blob/main/cloudevents/spec.md) for describing event data in a common way. CloudEvents seeks to dramatically simplify event declaration and delivery across services, platforms, and beyond.

NServiceBus currently does not natively support CloudEvents.

> &#87;e are currently capturing requirements in understanding customer needs when it comes to CloudEvents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are currently capturing requirements to understand your needs regarding CloudEvents.
```

Reviewer: Since we're aiming to remove the personal voice check here anyway.

> If you are interested in helping &#117;s shape how NServiceBus should support CloudEvents, drop &#117;s a comment in [this](https://github.com/Particular/NServiceBus/issues/5357) GitHub issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in helping us shape how NServiceBus should support CloudEvents by sharing some of your use cases, drop us a comment in [this](https://github.com/Particular/NServiceBus/issues/5357) GitHub issue.
```
